Updates to fee docs and JS docs (#709)
algorand/docs: docs/get-details/transactions/index.md

# Fees

Fees for transactions on Algorand are set as a function of network congestion and based on the size in bytes of the transaction.  Every transaction must at least cover the minimum fee (1000µA or 0.001A). 

For a transaction serialized to bytes (`txn_in_bytes`) and current congestion based fee per byte (`fee_per_byte`) the fee can be computed as follows:

```py
fee = max(current_fee_per_byte*len(txn_in_bytes), min_fee)
```

If the network *is not* congested, the fee per byte will be 0 and the minimum fee for a transaction is used. 

If network *is* congested the fee per byte will be non zero and for a given transaction will be the product of the size in bytes of the transaction and the current fee per byte. If the product is less than the min fee, the min fee is used. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that fees are independent of the type of transaction (payment, ASA transfer, application call, ...) and a fortiori independent of the complexity of the smart contract code in case of application calls.
Only the size of the serialized transaction matters.

```

# Setting a fee 

There are two primary ways to set fees on a transaction.

## Suggested Fee

The SDK provides a method to get the suggested parameters from an the algod REST server, including the [**suggested fee** per byte (`fee`)](../../rest-apis/algod/v2#transactionparams) which can be used to set the total fee for a transaction. This value is multiplied by the estimated size of the transaction in bytes to determine the total transaction fee. If the result is less than the minimum fee, the minimum fee is used instead. 

When using the SDK to build a transaction, if the suggested parameters are passed to one of the helper methods, the fee for the transaction will be set based on the above computation.

## Flat Fee

> You can also manually set a **flat fee**. If you choose this method, make sure that your fee covers at least the [minimum transaction fee (`min-fee`)](../../rest-apis/algod/v2#transactionparams), which can be obtained from the suggested parameters method call in each of the SDKs.  Flat fees may be useful for applications that want to guarantee showing a specific rounded fee to users or for a transaction that is meant to be sent in the future where the network traffic conditions are unknown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also manually set a **flat fee**. If you choose this method, make sure that your fee covers at least the [minimum transaction fee (`min-fee`)](../../rest-apis/algod/v2#transactionparams), which can be obtained from the suggested parameters method call in each of the SDKs or as a constant in the SDK.  

Flat fees may be useful for:
* for applications that want to guarantee showing a specific rounded fee to users 
* for transactions that are meant to be sent in the future where the network traffic conditions are unknown
* for transactions that are not urgent and may be retried later if they are rejected
* etc
```

# Pooled transaction fees

The Algorand protocol supports pooled fees, where one transaction can pay the fees of other transactions within the same atomic group. 

For atomic transactions, the fees set on all transactions in the group are summed. This sum is compared against the protocol determined expected fee for the group and may proceed as long as the sum of the fees is at least the required fee for the group.

<center>![Atomic Pooled Fees](../imgs/atomic_transfers-3.png)</center>
<center>*Atomic Pooled Fees*</center>

!!! note

>     [Inner transactions](/get-details/dapps/smart-contracts/apps/#inner-transactions) may have their fees covered by the outer transactions but they may not cover outer transaction fees.

Reviewer: @jannotti Since now multiple level of inner transactions may appear, is the restriction that an inner transaction cannot pay for the fee of the outer transaction or just the top-level transaction?

Concretely, suppose tx1 makes a transaction tx2 that makes a transaction tx3.
Can we have:
* tx1 fee is 0.001
* tx2 fee is 0
* tx3 fee is 0.002

Reviewer 2: No. At the time that tx2 is constructed (maybe as part of a group), the existing fee credit plus the fees of tx2 (and _siblings_, not _children_) must cover the cost of tx2's group. Processing will not continue in the hopes that tx2 will construct a tx3 with a big fee.

!!! info
    Full running code examples for each SDK and both API versions are available within the GitHub repo at [/examples/atomic_transfers](https://github.com/algorand/docs/tree/master/examples/atomic_transfers) and for [download](https://github.com/algorand/docs/blob/master/examples/atomic_transfers/atomic_transfers.zip?raw=true) (.zip).

An example of setting a pooled fee on a group of two transactions in javascript:

```js
const suggestedParams = await client.getTransactionParams().do()
suggestedParams.flatFee = true;
suggestedParams.fee = 2 * algosdk.ALGORAND_MIN_TX_FEE;
```

Here we're directly setting the fee to be 2x the min fee since we want to cover both transactions. 

# Setting First and Last Valid

> Unless you have specific security concerns or logical constraints embedded within a specific Algorand Smart Contract, it is generally recommended that you set your default range to the maximum, currently 1000. This will give you an ample window of validity time to submit your transaction. 

Reviewer: Actually it's not completely clear it's always the best choice.
For example, if you want to use the min possible fee and want to retry in case of congestion, it is best to use a small window, because retrying before the end of the window is quite dangerous
